Add new 177 hooks, along with beginning of the version updates (#479)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/core_updates/1.7.7.md

---
title: Changes in PrestaShop 1.7.7
menuTitle: Changes in 1.7.7
---

# Notable changes in PrestaShop 1.7.7

> 

Reviewer: Can you please add a mention about jQuery?

Author: The page is not finished of course, it's focues on hooks but jquery info will be added in another PR

## Order view page layout modifications

> In this version the order page was migrated with Symfony. We used this migration as an opportunity to improve the page layout so that it meets the merchant needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this version the order page has been migrated with Symfony. We used this migration as an opportunity to improve the page layout to meet merchants' needs.
```

Maybe add a link to a build article once it's written :)

### Modified hooks

> These hooks **have been moved** and have new names, even though they are very similar to their former equivalent the layout has changed and thus the modules need to adapt their rendering:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following hooks **have been moved** and have new names. Even though they are very similar to their former equivalents, the layout has changed and thus the modules need to adapt their rendering.
```

| Former hook                | New hook                  | Modification           |

> | -------------------------- |:------------------------- |:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Reviewer 2: Be aware that two or three dashes are enough for the markdown interpreter

Author: I know but I find it more readable when they are correctly aligned

> | **displayInvoice**         | **displayAdminOrderTop**  | It is now displayed at the very top of the order page (not in the main column any more)                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**displayInvoice**         | **displayAdminOrderTop**  | It is now displayed at the very top of the order page (not in the main column any more)
```
The first and last `|` are not necessary (this is valid for all lines).

---
title: Changes in PrestaShop 1.7.7
menuTitle: Changes in 1.7.7
---

# Notable changes in PrestaShop 1.7.7

## Order view page layout modifications

> In this version the order page has been migrated with Symfony. We used this migration as an opportunity to improve the page layout to meets the merchants' needs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this version the order page has been migrated with Symfony. We used this migration as an opportunity to improve the page layout to meet the merchants' needs.
```

> You can see a representation of these new hooks in the page here:

Reviewer 2: You need to leave an empty line between paragraphs if you intend to keep these two lines separate

> You can see a representation of these new hooks in the page here:

Reviewer 2: You need to leave an empty line between paragraphs if you intend to keep these two lines separate

```suggestion
In this version the order page has been migrated with Symfony. We used this migration as an opportunity to improve the page layout to meet the merchants' needs.

You can see a representation of these new hooks in the page here:
```

Author: No I didn't plan on separating them, it was for readability in the file itself. You prefer to leave it all in a single line then?

Reviewer 2: It's okay

> {{< figure src="../img/order_view_page_hooks.jpg" title="Order view page hooks layout" >}}

Reviewer 2: Use dashes, not underscores!

### Modified hooks

The following hooks **have been moved** and have new names. Even though they are very similar to their former equivalents the layout has changed and thus the modules need to adapt their rendering.

> Former hook                                                            | New hook                        | Modification

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removed hook                                                            | New hook                        | Modification
```

**displayAdminOrderRight**                                             | **displayAdminOrderSideBottom** | It is now displayed on the **left** which is why it was renamed based on its context not its position, since the layout is completely different it has no alias
**displayAdminOrderLeft**                                              | **displayAdminOrderMainBottom** | It is now displayed on the **right** which is why it was renamed based on its context not its position, since the layout is completely different it has no alias
**displayAdminOrderTabOrder** and **displayAdminOrderTabShip**         | **displayAdminOrderTabLink**    | Both hooks are now combined in a single generic hook that allows you to include tab links the the order view page, it only has the *id_order* as a parameter
**displayAdminOrderContentOrder** and **displayAdminOrderContentShip** | **displayAdminOrderTabContent** | Both hooks are now combined in a single generic hook that allows you to include tab contents the the order view page, it only has the *id_order* as a parameter

> These hooks have been aliased, although we recommend migrating to the new hooks and check that it integrates correctly with the new layout:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These hooks have been aliased, although we recommend migrating to new hooks and check that it integrates correctly with the new layout:
```

Author: Mmm, not sure about this one

Reviewer 2: I agree with jo on this one.

> Former hook                       | New aliased hook                | Modification

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deprecated hook                       | New aliased hook                | Modification
```

--------------------------------- |:------------------------------- |:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> **displayBackOfficeOrderActions** | **displayAdminOrderSideBottom** | Although it has been aliased for convenience, the new hook is not displayed at the same place at all (it is now in the side column), so you'd better check how it integrates And if you need to integrate action buttons please use the new **actionGetAdminOrderButtons** hook

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**displayBackOfficeOrderActions** | **displayAdminOrderSideBottom** | Although it has been aliased for convenience, the new hook is not displayed at the same place at all (it is now in the side column), so you'd better check how it integrates and, if you need to integrate action buttons, please use the new **actionGetAdminOrderButtons** hook
```

Author: It slightly changes the sentence and it's too long I used `However` instead

> **displayBackOfficeOrderActions** | **displayAdminOrderSideBottom** | Although it has been aliased for convenience, the new hook is not displayed at the same place at all (it is now in the side column), so you'd better check how it integrates However if you need to integrate action buttons please use the new **actionGetAdminOrderButtons** hook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**displayBackOfficeOrderActions** | **displayAdminOrderSideBottom** | Although it has been aliased for convenience, the new hook is not displayed at the same place at all (it is now in the side column), so we suggest to verify how your code integrates into the new layout. If you need to add action buttons, use the new **actionGetAdminOrderButtons** hook
```

> **displayInvoice**                | **displayAdminOrderTop**        | This hook has the same place and same parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**displayInvoice**                | **displayAdminOrderTop**        | This hook keeps the same placement and parameters
```

These hooks have been added to the view page:

New hook                       | Function
------------------------------ |:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**displayAdminOrderSide**      | It is displayed in the side column (similar to displayAdminOrderSideBottom) but right under the customer view
**displayAdminOrderMain**      | It is displayed in the side column (similar to displayAdminOrderMainBottom) but right under the details view

> **actionGetAdminOrderButtons** | It is used to build a collection of buttons in the order thanks to an `ActionsBarButtonsCollection` which si automatically rendered

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**actionGetAdminOrderButtons** | It is used to build a collection of buttons in the order thanks to an `ActionsBarButtonsCollection` which is automatically rendered
```
